Add build progress to console plain mode (#22541)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/running-builds/command_line_interface.adoc

`-Dorg.gradle.console=(auto,plain,rich,verbose)`::
Specify console mode via Gradle properties. Different modes are described immediately below.

`--console=(auto,plain,plainProgress,rich,verbose)`::
Specifies which type of console output to generate.
+
Set to `plain` to generate plain text only. This option disables all color and other rich output in the console output. This is the default when Gradle is _not_ attached to a terminal.
+

> Set to `plainProgress` to generate plain text only like `plain` with occasional progress updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to `plainProgress` to generate plain text like `plain`, but with extra (occasional) progress updates.
```
